Warn when the token query param is used for auth (#16009)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/api-docs/api-structure.mdx

    http://127.0.0.1:8500/v1/agent/members
```

> Previously this was provided via a `?token=` query parameter but its use is **highly
> discouraged**, since it can show up in access logs as part of the URL.
> This functionality is deprecated and will be removed in future versions.

Reviewer: Following up on @cthain 's comment from a previous PR...

Perhaps we should give explicit indication of when this will be removed. I don't expect all users to be familiar with our deprecation / removal policy.

Should we say something like:
```suggestion
Though the token could also be provided via a `?token=` query parameter,
that method is **highly discouraged** because the token can show up in access logs as part of the URL.
The `?token=` query parameter is deprecated and will be removed in Consul 1.17.
```

> Though the token could also be provided via a `?token=` query parameter,
> that method is **highly discouraged** because the token can show up in access logs as part of the URL.
> The `?token=` query parameter is deprecated and will be removed in Consul 1.17.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~> **Security Note:** Though you could pass the token through a `?token=` query parameter, this method is highly discouraged because the token can show up in access logs as part of the URL. The `?token=` query parameter is deprecated and will be removed in Consul 1.17.
```
